all right I'm Brad Spitzer for griffin
technology and this is on one of the
products that has gotten we've three
words here at macworld 2009 three or
four whatever 2000 macro to that 2009
here in San Francisco and what it is
it's a inline remote for your iphone or
ipod and it also has FM functionality as
well and so what you can do us is play
pause for a song and you can see on the
iphone it it just did like that you can
go volume up volume down it goes next
track so you can choose the next song
without touching your iphone or ipod it
also has FM functionality as well and so
if you hit the mode button you can see
on the navigate here it's a station
tuned to 10 4.3 and if i want to listen
to 10 4.7 i just go next next and it's
10 4.7 right there and when i'm done
with it if i want to go back to the
iphone or the ipod I just hid mode
and it will go back to playing the music
that I have on my iphone or ipod it's a
great product the grip it's great for if
you want to put your iphone or your ipod
away and your pocket or in your bag and
you don't want anyone to see it but you
still want to be able to control what
kind of music that you're playing and
right here your headphone jack go right
there alright so we're going to just
change the album's here so I'm going to
go select mode and I'm going to go all
the way to select album and I'm going to
just use the next button
and i'm going to choose the car's
original soundtrack and i'm going to
push play and it will start playing
music from that album right here Rascal
Flatts I can turn up the value
and then also there's other modes if I
want to select a playlist that I've made
of course select a shuffle or change my
EQ if I want to live i'm listening to
acoustic music i can choose that right
there